\section{Summary}
In this chapter \ac{CUPID}, a procedure for the parametrisation of \ac{2DJ} datasets using
a holistic \ac{2D} estimation routine, is outlined.
With access to the parameters associated with a \ac{2DJ} dataset, pure shift
spectra can be generated with myriad beneficial features relative to
alternative methods.

The original method for pure shift spectrum generation consisted of shearing a
magnitude-mode \ac{2DJ} spectrum by \ang{45}, and computing the projection onto
the $\Ftwo$ axis. To overcome the grotesque lineshapes which arise due to the
presence of dispersion character, and non-linearities in the magnitude-mode
spectrum, severe data treatment such as the used of sine-bell apodisation are
applied. The resulting pure shift spectra suffer from reduced intensities
because of this. On top of this, the intensities of peaks are attenuated by
different extents, such that relative peak integrals become meaningless. The
presence of strong coupling in the spin system also introduces unwanted
artefacts into the spectra.

Experimental procedures  based on ``chunking'' the initial sections of the
\acp{FID} in a \ac{2D} experiment\,---\,including \ac{ZS}, \ac{BIRD} and
\ac{PSYCHE}\,---\,have largely superseded the shear and summation approach.
One key disadvantage of all of these is that only a fraction of the available
spin magnetisation contributes to the final pure shift spectrum, leading to
poorer sensitivity.

Through a number of examples, it has been shown that by employing parametric
estimation, a simple \ac{2DJ} experiment can be harnessed to generate pure
shift spectra with sharp, absorption Lorentzian peaks which retain the same
signal intensity as the \ac{2DJ} experiment. It has been shown to perform
admirably even when state of the art techniques like \ac{PSYCHE} produce
spectra with such low \acp{SNR} that they are useless. Frequently, the specific
procedure employed here is able to automatically discard oscillators present in
the model which either correspond to strong coupling artefacts or noise,
leading to simplified spectra in which appear to adhere to the weak coupling
approximation. There are cases where strong coupling signals do end up in the
estimation result. It has been shown that these can be manually neglected from
the parameter set so they don't have an unwanted influence on final pure shift
spectrum, though this requires manual intervention from a knowledgeable user.

Simultaneously, \ac{CUPID} can assign multiplet structures,
by grouping oscillators which lie along a specific \ang{45} cross section in
frequency space. Achieving this experimentally\,---\,effectively involving
a \ac{2DJ} experiment in conjunction with a pure shift element\,---\,requires
running an extremely long (hours or even days) \ac{3D} pulse sequence. The
usefulness of
the multiplet structures generated by \ac{CUPID} is dependent on how accurately
the estimation routine was able to parameterise the dataset. In numerous
occasions in the examples presented here, the estimation routine was unable to
resolve certain, similar frequency signals. A complete understanding of the
coupling network associated with a given spin in not attainable when this is
so. However, such multiplet structures are still able to provide large amounts
of information about the spin system.

\ac{CUPID} is limited by the complexity of the dataset of interest. The reasons
for this are two-fold. First, with datasets comprising progressively more peaks
in a given spectral region, the difficulty in estimating the dataset becomes
harder. Second, with an increased model order required to estimate the dataset,
the time required for computation increases rather drastically. This feature is
most clearly observed when comparing the times required in estimating the
different regions considered in the estradiol example. As a rule of thumb, it's
anticipated that \ac{CUPID} will perform admirably on datasets derived from
small molecules, though I am sceptical about its prospects as an effective
tool to generate pure shift spectra from large molecules such as proteins.
